`SideNav` component - Porting of advanced features from `HcNav` (#1304)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/side-nav/partials/code/how-to-use_OLD.md

SideNav does not exist as a single out of the box HDS component. Instead, it consists of a number of lower-level building block components consumers can use to assemble their own SideNav implementation.

> **Note:** The `Hds::SideNav` component, which contains the child components, doesn't have an intrinsic width (it's 100% of the parent). This responsibility is delegated to the wrapping element in the consumer's codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `Hds::SideNav` component, which contains the child components, doesn’t have an intrinsic width (it’s 100% of the parent). This responsibility is delegated to the wrapping element in the consumer’s codebase.
```
